active_jobs_view.tenant_id
audit_logs.tenant_id
auth_audit_log.tenant_id
companies.tenant_id
conflict_logs.company_id
customer_feedback.tenant_id
customers.tenant_id
daily_reports.tenant_id
day_plans.company_id
equipment_incidents.company_id
equipment_maintenance.tenant_id
geofence_events.tenant_id
geofences.tenant_id
gps_tracking_records.tenant_id
intake_documents.tenant_id
intake_requests.tenant_id
inventory_images.company_id
invoices.tenant_id
item_availability.tenant_id
item_transactions.tenant_id
items.tenant_id
job_reschedules.tenant_id
jobs.tenant_id
kit_assignments.tenant_id
kit_items.tenant_id
kit_variants.tenant_id
kits.tenant_id
maintenance_schedule.company_id
maintenance_tickets.tenant_id
material_requests.tenant_id
notification_queue.company_id
notifications.tenant_id
ocr_documents.company_id
ocr_jobs.company_id
ocr_line_items.company_id
ocr_note_entities.tenant_id
properties.tenant_id
quality_audits.company_id
role_permissions.tenant_id
routing_schedules.company_id
routing_schedules.tenant_id
safety_checklists.tenant_id
tenant_assignments.tenant_id
training_certificates.company_id
training_sessions.company_id
travel_logs.tenant_id
user_activity_logs.company_id
user_assignments.tenant_id
user_invitations.tenant_id
user_sessions.tenant_id
users_extended.tenant_id
vendor_aliases.tenant_id
vendor_locations.tenant_id
vendors.tenant_id
workflow_tasks.tenant_id

Summary by table:
active_jobs_view: tenant_id
audit_logs: tenant_id
auth_audit_log: tenant_id
companies: tenant_id
conflict_logs: company_id
customer_feedback: tenant_id
customers: tenant_id
daily_reports: tenant_id
day_plans: company_id
equipment_incidents: company_id
equipment_maintenance: tenant_id
geofence_events: tenant_id
geofences: tenant_id
gps_tracking_records: tenant_id
intake_documents: tenant_id
intake_requests: tenant_id
inventory_images: company_id
invoices: tenant_id
item_availability: tenant_id
item_transactions: tenant_id
items: tenant_id
job_reschedules: tenant_id
jobs: tenant_id
kit_assignments: tenant_id
kit_items: tenant_id
kit_variants: tenant_id
kits: tenant_id
maintenance_schedule: company_id
maintenance_tickets: tenant_id
material_requests: tenant_id
notification_queue: company_id
notifications: tenant_id
ocr_documents: company_id
ocr_jobs: company_id
ocr_line_items: company_id
ocr_note_entities: tenant_id
properties: tenant_id
quality_audits: company_id
role_permissions: tenant_id
routing_schedules: company_id, tenant_id
safety_checklists: tenant_id
tenant_assignments: tenant_id
training_certificates: company_id
training_sessions: company_id
travel_logs: tenant_id
user_activity_logs: company_id
user_assignments: tenant_id
user_invitations: tenant_id
user_sessions: tenant_id
users_extended: tenant_id
vendor_aliases: tenant_id
vendor_locations: tenant_id
vendors: tenant_id
workflow_tasks: tenant_id